docs/setup.rst, before:

*****
Setup
*****

Installation
------------

::

   pip3 install stakemachine     [--user]

If you install using the ``--user`` flag, the binaries of
``stakemachine`` and ``uptick`` are located in ``~/.local/bin``.
Otherwise they should be globally reachable.

Adding Keys
-----------
It is important to *install* the private key of your
bot's account into the pybitshares wallet. This can be done using
``uptick`` which is installed as a dependency of ``stakemachine``::

   uptick addkey

Configuration
-------------
You will need to create configuration file in YAML format. The default
file name is ``config.yml``, otherwise you can specify a different
config file using the ``--configufile X`` parameter of ``stakemachine``.

Read more about the :doc:`configuration`.

Running
-------
The bot can be run by::

    stakemachine run

It will ask for your wallet passphrase (that you have provide when
adding your private key to pybitshares using ``uptick addkey``).

If you want to prevent the password dialog, you can predefine an
environmental variable ``UNLOCK``, if you understand the security
implications.

Commit message:

documentation chnges that flow from the CLI configurator

docs/setup.rst, after:

*****
Setup
*****

Requirements -- Linux
---------------------

To run in the background you need systemd and *lingering* enabled::

   sudo loginctl enable-linger $USER

On some systems, such as the Raspberry Pi, you need to reboot for this to take effect.

You need to have python3 installed, including the ``pip`` tool, and the development tools for C extensions.
Plus for the configuration you need the ``dialog`` command.

On Ubuntu/Debian type systems::

   sudo apt-get install dialog python3-pip python3-dev


On other distros you need to check the documentation for how to install packages, the names should be very similar.
  
Installation
------------

::

   pip3 install git+https://github.com/ihaywood3/DEXBot.git [--user]

If you install using the ``--user`` flag, the binaries of
``dexbot`` and ``uptick`` are located in ``~/.local/bin``.
Otherwise they should be globally reachable.

Adding Keys
-----------

It is important to *install* the private key of your
bot's account into a local wallet. This can be done using
``uptick`` which is installed as a dependency of ``dexbot``::

   uptick addkey

Easy Configuration
------------------

``dexbot`` can be configured using::

    dexbot configure

This will walk you through the configuration process.
Read more about this in the :doc:`configuration`.
